scenes of chaos at nasur
hospital the wounded and dying lie on
the floor sterilization and basic
medical hygiene are luxuries doctors
simply don't
have short of supplies they say they're
forced to use the same bandages on
multiple
patients most teams in our department
have left even the cleaners are gone
some doctors and nurses try to clean the
hospital ourselves once we're done
treating patients it's a
disaster the hospital has about 350
patients and at least 5,000 displaced
Palestinians are Sheltering at the
complex they are unable to leave outside
Israeli tanks and fierce
fighting International Aid organizations
warn Gaza no longer has a Health Care
System doctors with borders accuses
Israel of systematically targeting
gaza's hospitals one after the
other the UN says only 14 are able to
offer medical services and only basic
treatment up north in Kamal adwan
Hospital doctors make do with the little
they have Northern Gaza came under
intense Israeli attacks early in the
war there isn't enough flight during the
day so imagine what it's like at night
many times Medical Teams rely on mobile
phone torches nurses are also trying to
perform
Miracles we work with the minimum Tools
in this very difficult situation the
lack of electricity and fuel is a big
obstacle we haven't had electricity
since the hospital was targeted by
Israeli forces the World Health
Organization is calling for an immediate
ceasefire so it can restock the few
functioning
hospitals we are suffering here there's
nothing available no milk formula food
or medication for children the hospital
is packed and there are no doctors to
treat the
patients the desperation grows daily as
does the lethal combination of hunger
and disease which ultimately the UN
warns will kill more Palestinians and
Israeli bombs Mich Apple Al
jazer make make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer